Feature: Multiple selection (#202)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-menu: docs/partials/api.md

</auro-accordion>

### Multiple

> `auro-menu` can have `multiple` attribute, to select multiple `auro-menuoption` elements.
> If `multiple` is enabled, `value` attribute became array value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `auro-menu` supports a multi-select option. To use, place the `multiSelect` attribute on the `<auro-menu>` element tag. When applied, the `value` attribute will become an Array versus String value. 
```
